---
layout: default
title:  "Wet Water"
date:   2020-09-29 17:16:48 +0000
categories: recipe
---
Hi Friends! Hope you had a great Christmas! Today I wanted to share a recipe that my husband and I have been making for a few years now. I love it, he loves it, the kids love it, and it’s so easy to make. It’s great for parties or for staying in and snacking on.

This is an easy recipe for Wet Water, which is a yummy variation of Watermelon Soup. It’s a great recipe to make with your kids–just let them dip the fruit in the watermelon juice and sprinkle with a little sugar.

This is seriously delicious. You could also make it with lime juice (which is what I originally tried in this recipe). But the watermelon juice is so much yummier/sweeter.

I love dipping the fresh watermelon in the watermelon juice for this recipe. I’ve even done this with cantaloupe and honeydew. Basically any melon will work.

This is such a fun, yummy treat and is a great way to eat healthy fruit.

I hope you enjoyed this holiday season and that it was filled with happiness and love for you and your family. I know my holiday season was filled with lots of fun.

We have been very busy, which is how I like it. It’s been a wonderful Christmas and I’m happy to say that my husband, kids and I are all healthy. I have weathered the holiday sicknesses and am happy to say that we spent Christmas with our entire family with no illness.

We ate a lot of good food – and I also worked out a lot which feels great. I wasn’t 100% successful but I did get in a lot of exercise. I plan to share some of my workouts with you in the next few weeks.

This week we are actually going to get a little bit of a break and enjoy some time together as a family. We are going to have a lazy-ish week (in other words, no errands, no church, no running around). We are going to spend some time together as a family, and I’m looking forward to it.

If you haven’t already be sure to check out my Homemade Whipped Cream Recipe. It’s my new favorite whipped cream recipe, and you’re going to love it. It’s so easy and tastes amazing.
## Ingredients

- 1/4 cup (60g) butter
- 1 cup (200g) sugar
- 1/4 cup (60g) brown sugar
- 1/4 cup (60g) corn syrup
- 1/4 cup (60g) water
- 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
- 1/2 teaspoon salt
- 1 cup (120g) flour
- 1/4 cup (60g) cocoa powder
- 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
- 1/2 teaspoon baking powder
- 1/4 cup (60g) milk
- 1/2 cup (60g) chocolate chips


## Instructions

1. Preheat oven to 350°F (180°C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
2. Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add sugars, corn syrup, water and vanilla extract. Stir until well combined.
3. In a separate bowl, combine flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and baking powder. Add milk and mix until well combined.
4. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix until well combined.
5. Pour into prepared baking dish. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
6. Remove from oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Cut into squares and serve with a scoop of ice cream.

