---
layout: default
title:  "Lamb Loaf"
date:   2021-01-25 18:26:08 +0000
categories: recipe
---
I’m onto something with these food names, because I’m realizing that I’m a super pro at picking names that barely make any sense. Lamb Loaf? Really? I mean who is going to want to eat lamb loaf? Not very original, I tell ya. But it’s my site and I can do whatever I want. I’m pretty sure the name is the only bad thing about this meatloaf though, because it is, quite honestly, the best I’ve ever had.

It’s got all the best of a classic meatloaf and a few extra yummy things added in. First, it starts with a really tasty meatloaf mix. You can use any seasonings you want, but I went with some classic, comforting flavors because I love to feel like I’ve got a hug in my tummy when I eat meatloaf.

After you mix up the meatloaf, you tenderize it and make it really juicy by adding a little yogurt. I love using a plain Greek yogurt because it adds a little tang and you don’t have to worry about it curdling if you don’t eat it for a couple days (which totally happens in our house).

Then you wrap up the meatloaf in some really delish, fresh Challah bread. I mean, who doesn’t love bread? Or bread crumbs? Or anything bread in a food? It’s just so good. I used Challah bread because I feel like it works best with the flavors and is really soft and tender, but use whatever bread you like best.

And yes, I realize Challah bread might not be the easiest thing to find. I hunt for it at my local grocery store but if you can’t find it you can definitely use regular bread. Or even a tortilla.

I love the idea of putting some fresh herbs on top of the meatloaf, like parsley or chives, but I kept it classic with some really yummy, crispy bacon. Also, don’t be scared of the step about wrapping your meatloaf in bread. You can’t mess it up. It’s so easy. I promise.

My favorite part about this lamb loaf is that it really tastes like a sandwich. Like an incredible, crazy good sandwich that you can eat with your hands instead of on
## Ingredients:

- 1 pound ground lamb
- 1/2 pound ground beef
- 1/4 cup bread crumbs
- 1/4 cup chopped onion
- 1 egg
- 1/4 teaspoon salt
- 1/4 teaspoon pepper
- 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
- 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander
- 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
- 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
- 1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
- 1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
- 1/4 teaspoon ground cloves
- 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
- 1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
- 1/2 teaspoon dried basil
- 1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram
- 1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
- 1/2 teaspoon dried sage
- 1/2 teaspoon dried tarragon
- 1/2 teaspoon dried savory
- 1/2 teaspoon dried mint
- 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
- 1/2 teaspoon dried dill
- 1/2 teaspoon dried mint
- 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
- 1/2 cup ketchup
- 1/4 cup brown sugar
- 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
- 1/4 cup water
- 1/4 cup honey


## Instructions:

1. Preheat oven to 350°F (180°C).
2. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Mix until well combined.
3. Pour into a loaf pan and bake for 1 hour.

